As she reached the driver’s door of the cab, which hung open with vines twisting in and out of its socket of a window, lightening flashed again, painting the whole world purple. In its glare Trisha saw something with slumped shoulders standing on the far side of the road, something with black eyes and great cocked ears like horns. Perhaps they were horns. It wasn’t human; nor did she think it was animal. It was a god. It was her god, the wasp-god, standing there in the rain

“It’s watchin’ us” Ralphie whispered.
“Listen, I’m not gonna-”
“No, Danny. Really. Can’t you feel it?”
Danny stopped. And in the way of children, he did feel something and knew they were no longer alone. A great hush had fallen over the woods; but it was a malefic hush. Shadows, urged by the wind, twisted languorously around them.

His breath stopped in a gasp. An almost drowsy terror stole through his veins. Yes. Yes. There was something in here with him, some awful thing the Overlook had saved for just such a chance as this. Maybe a huge spider that had burrowed down under the dead leaves, or a rat… or maybe the corpse of some little kid that had died here on the playground. Had that ever happened?
At the far end of the concrete ring, Danny heard the stealthy crackle of dead leaves, as something came for him on its hands and knees.

They got into his car and he started it up. When he popped on the headlights, Chris began to scream, hands in fists up to her cheeks. Billy felt it at the same time: something in his mind
(carrie carrie carrie carrie carrie)
a presence.
Carrie was standing in front of them perhaps seventy feet away.
The high beams picked her out in ghastly horror-movie blacks and whites, dripping and clotted with blood. Now much of it was her own. The hilt of the butcher knife still protruded from her shoulder…
She stood swaying, her arms thrown out like the arms of a stage hypnotist, and she began to totter towards them.

There was a sudden ghastly burping noise in the spectral silence of the Blue Ribbon Laundry – a bat fluttered madly for it’s hole in the insulation above the dryers where it had roosted, wrapping wings around its blind face.
It was a noise almost like a chuckle.
The mangler began to run with a sudden lurching grind – belts hurrying through the darkness, cogs meeting and meshing and grinding, heavy pulverising rollers rotating on and on.
It was ready for them.

Burt jumped from the pulpit and ran down the centre aisle. He threw open the outer vestibule door, letting in hot sunshine, dazzling. Vicky was bolt upright behind the steering wheel, both hands plastered on the horn ring, her head swivelling wildly. From all around the children were coming. Some of them were laughing gaily. They held knives, hatchets, pipes, rocks, hammers. One girl, maybe eight, with beautiful long blonde hair, held a jackhandle. Rural weapons. Not a gun among them.


‘See anything green?’ this sept – no, this octogenarian Arnie Cunningham croaked, as its body twisted and writhed and withered on Christine’s red seat…
The voice cracked and rose and whined into a shrill, senile treble, and now the skin broke open in sores and surface tumours and behind the glasses milky cataracts covered both eyes like shades being pulled down. It was rotting before his very eyes and the smell of it was what he had smelled in Christine before, what Leigh has smelled, only it was worse now, it was the high, gassy, gagging smell of high-speed decay, the smell of his own death…

He stood with his head down, swaying from side to side with his hands pressed against the rock walls so he wouldn’t fall over again. Then he looked up and saw me and grinned. That grin struck a chill all the way through me, Andy, because it was the grin of a dead man – a dead man with blood all over his face ‘n’ shirt, a dead man with what looked like stones pushed into his eyes.
Then he started to climb the wall.


Cujo got back up. His muzzle was bloody. His eyes seemed wandering, vacuous again. Inside the house the phone rang on and on. The dog made as if to walk away, suddenly snapped viciously at its own flank as if stung, whirled, and sprang at Donna’s window. It struck right in front of Donna’s face with another tremendous dull thud. Blood sprayed across the glass, and a long silver crack appeared. Tad shrieked and clapped his hands to his face, pulling his cheeks down, harrowing them with his fingernails.


One plaster hand tore free of the wall, trailing an unravelling bracelet of rotted electrical wire. It grasped the sofa and threw it aside, leaving ghostly white fingermarks on its dark surface. More lathing burst free as the plaster fingers flexed. They created sharp splintery claws. Now the face was all the way out of the wall and staring at Jake with its one wooden eye…There was a wrenching noise as the thing began to slide forward.

The house has been aired out and didn’t smell a bit musty; instead of still, stale air, there was a faint and pleasing aroma of pine. I reached for the light inside the door, and then, somewhere in the blackness of the house, a child began to sob. My hand froze where it was and my flesh went cold…then it began to fade.

A hand closed around Eddie’s foot…The soft yet strong grip startled him so much that he almost lost his balance and tumbled into the canal.
It’s one of the queers the big kids are always talking about, he thought, and then he looked down. His mouth dropped open. Urine spilled hotly down his legs and stained his jeans black in the moonlight. It wasn’t a queer.
It was Dorsey.
It was Dorsey as he had been buried, Dorsey in his blue blazer and gray pants, only now the blazer was in muddy tatters, Dorsey’s shirt was yellow rags, Dorsey’s pants clung wetly to legs as thin as broomsticks. And Dorsey’s head was horribly slumped, as if it had been caved in at the back and consequently pushed up in the front.
Dorsey was grinning.

Pascow stopped near SMUCKY THE CAT, HE WAS OBEDIENT and turned back toward Louis. The horror, the terror—he felt these things would grow in him until his body blew apart under their soft yet implacable pressure. Pascow was grinning.
His bloody lips were wrinkled back from his teeth, and his healthy road-crew tan in the moon’s bony light had become overlaid with the white of a corpse about to be sewn into its winding shroud.
He lifted one arm and pointed. Louis looked in that direction and moaned. His eyes grew wide, and he crammed his knuckles against his mouth. There was coolness on his cheeks, and he realized that in the extremity of his terror he had begun to weep.

All concerns of men go wrong when they wish to cure evil with evil.
The soul that has conceived one wickedness can nurse no good thereafter.
Evil is unspectacular and always human And shares our bed and eats at our own table.
Evil is a point of view.
Many evil things there are that your strong walls and bright swords do not stay.
There is no reason why good cannot triumph as often as evil. The triumph of anything is a matter of organization. If there are such things as angels, I hope that they are organized along the lines of the Mafia.

The spread of evil is the symptom of a vacuum. Whenever evil wins, it is only by default: by the moral failure of those who evade the fact that there can be no compromise on basic principles.
The creed of evil has been, since the beginnings of highly industrialized society, not only a precursor of barbarism but a mask of good. The worth of the latter was transferred to the evil that drew to itself all the hatred and resentment of an order which drummed good into its adherents so that it could with impunity be evil.
No one becomes depraved all at once.
Apathy and evil. The two work hand in hand. They are the same, really.... Evil wills it. Apathy allows it. Evil hates the innocent and the defenseless most of all. Apathy doesn't care as long as it's not personally inconvenienced.
Apathy is the glove in which evil slips its hand.
What we call evil, it seems to me, is simply ignorance bumping its head in the dark.
In every man's heart there is a devil, but we do not know the man as bad until the devil is roused.
The small man thinks that small acts of goodness are of no benefit, and does not do them; and that small deeds of evil do no harm, and does not refrain from them. Hence, his wickedness becomes so great that it cannot be concealed, and his guilt so great that it cannot be pardoned.














