You think because he doesn t love you that you are worthless  You think that because he doesn t want you anymore that he is right    that his judgement and opinion of you are correct  If he throws you out  then you are garbage  You think he belongs to you because you want to belong to him  Don t  It s a bad word   belong   Especially when you put it with somebody you love  Love shouldn t be like that  Did you ever see the way the clouds love a mountain  They circle all around it  sometimes you can t even see the mountain for the clouds  But you know what  You go up top and what do you see  His head  The clouds never cover the head  His head pokes through  beacuse the clouds let him  they don t wrap him up  They let him keep his head up high  free  with nothing to hide him or bind him  You can t own a human being  You can t lose what you don t own  Suppose you did own him  Could you really love somebody who was absolutely nobody without you  You really want somebody like that  Somebody who falls apart when you walk out the door  You don t  do you  And neither does he  You re turning over your whole life to him  Your whole life  girl  And if it means so little to you that you can just give it away  hand it to him  then why should it mean any more to him  He can t value you more than you value yourself 
Don t be ashamed to weep   tis right to grieve  Tears are only water  and flowers  trees  and fruit cannot grow without water  But there must be sunlight also  A wounded heart will heal in time  and when it does  the memory and love of our lost ones is sealed inside to comfort us 
If you hold back on the emotions  if you don t allow yourself to go all the way through them  you can never get to being detached  you re too busy being afraid  You re afraid of the pain  you re afraid of the grief  You re afraid of the vulnerability that loving entails  But by throwing yourself into these emotions  by allowing yourself to dive in  all the way  over your heard even  you experience them fully and completely 

Why are you leaving me 
He wrote  I do not know how to live 
I do not know either but I am trying 
I do not know how to try 
There were some things I wanted to tell him  But I knew they would hurt him  So i buried them and let them hurt me
I am an atheist  out and out  It took me a long time to say it  I ve been an atheist for years and years  but somehow I felt it was intellectually unrespectable to say one was an atheist  because it assumed knowledge that one didn t have  Somehow  it was better to say one was a humanist or an agnostic  I finally decided that I m a creature of emotion as well as of reason  Emotionally  I am an atheist  I don t have the evidence to prove that God doesn t exist  but I so strongly suspect he doesn t that I don t want to waste my time 

One of the most frustrating words in the human language  as far as I could tell  was love 
So much meaning attached to this one little word  People bandied it about freely  using it to
describe their attachments to possessions  pets  vacation destinations  and favorite foods  In the
same breath they then applied this word to the person they considered most important in their
lives  Wasn t that insulting  Shouldn t there be some other term to describe deeper emotion 

No man has the right to dictate what other men should perceive  create or produce  but all should be encouraged to reveal themselves  their perceptions and emotions  and to build confidence in the creative spirit  

 I got tired  I told him  Not worn out  but worn through  Like one of those wives who wakes up one morning and says I can t bake any more bread 
You never bake bread  he wrote  and we were still joking 
Then it s like I woke up and baked bread  I said  and we were joking even then  I wondered will there come a time when we won t be joking  And what would it look like  And how would that feel 
When I was a girl  my life was music that was always getting louder  Everything moved me  A dog following a stranger  That made me feel so much  A calender that showed the wrong month  I could have cried over it  I did  Where the smoke from the chimney ended  How an overturned bottle rested at the edge of a table 
I spent my life learning to feel less 
Every day I felt less 
Is that growing old  Or is it something worse 
You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness   
When she came to her senses again she cut off all contact with him  It had not been easy  but she had steeled herself  The last time she saw him she was standing on aPLATFORM in the tunnelbana at Gamla Stan and he was sitting in the train on his way downtown  She had stared at him for a whole minute and decided that she did not have a grain of feeling left  because it would have been the same as bleeding to death  Fuck you   

I suppose it s not a social norm  and not a manly thing to do   to feel  discuss feelings  So that s what I m giving the finger to  Social norms and stuff…what good are social norms  really  I think all they do is project a limited and harmful image of people  It thus impedes a broader social acceptance of what someone  or a group of people  might actually be like   

A strange  terrific force unlike anything I ve ever experienced is sprouting in my heart  taking root there  growing  Shut up behind my rib cage  my warm heart expands and contracts independent of my will  over and over   This is the great lesson the depressive learns: Nothing in the world is inherently compelling  Whatever may be really  out there  cannot project itself as an affective experience  It is all a vacuous affair with only a chemical prestige  Nothing is either good or bad  desirable or undesirable  or anything else except that it is made so by laboratories inside us producing the emotions on which we live  And to live on our emotions is to live arbitrarily  inaccurately imparting meaning to what has none of its own  Yet what other way is there to live  Without the ever clanking machinery of emotion  everything would come to a standstill  There would be nothing to do  nowhere to go  nothing to be  and no one to know  The alternatives are clear: to live falsely as pawns of affect  or to live factually as depressives  or as individuals who know what is known to the depressive  How advantageous that we are not coerced into choosing one or the other  neither choice being excellent  One look at human existence is proof enough that our species will not be released from the stranglehold of emotionalism that anchors it to hallucinations  That may be no way to live  but to opt for depression would be to opt out of existence as we consciously know it   
When I have neither pleasure nor pain and have been breathing for a while the lukewarm insipid air of these so called good and tolerable days  I feel so bad in my childish soul that I smash my moldering lyre of thanksgiving in the face of the slumbering god of contentment and would rather feel the very devil burn in me than this warmth of a well heated room  A wild longing for strong emotions and sensations seethes in me  a rage against this toneless  flat  normal and sterile life  I have a mad impulse to smash something  a warehouse  perhaps  or a cathedral  or myself  to commit outrages  to pull off the wigs of a few revered idols     

Lonely people have enthusiasms which cannot always be explained  When something strikes them as funny  the intensity and length of their laughter mirrors the depth of their loneliness  and they are capable of laughing like hyenas  When something touches their emotions  it runs through them like Paul Revere  awakening feelings that gather into great armies   

This is the great lesson the depressive learns: Nothing in the world is inherently compelling  Whatever may be really  out there  cannot project itself as an affective experience  It is all a vacuous affair with only a chemical prestige  Nothing is either good or bad  desirable or undesirable  or anything else except that it is made so by laboratories inside us producing the emotions on which we live  And to live on our emotions is to live arbitrarily  inaccurately imparting meaning to what has none of its own  Yet what other way is there to live  Without the ever clanking machinery of emotion  everything would come to a standstill  There would be nothing to do  nowhere to go  nothing to be  and no one to know  The alternatives are clear: to live falsely as pawns of affect  or to live factually as depressives  or as individuals who know what is known to the depressive  How advantageous that we are not coerced into choosing one or the other  neither choice being excellent  One look at human existence is proof enough that our species will not be released from the stranglehold of emotionalism that anchors it to hallucinations  That may be no way to live  but to opt for depression would be to opt out of existence as we consciously know it   

When animals express their feelings they pour out like water from a spout  Animals  emotions are raw  unfiltered  and uncontrolled  Their joy is the purest and most contagious of joys and their grief the deepest and most devastating  Their passions bring us to our knees in delight and sorrow   

My life is like an autumn leaf
I lie around unclaimed 
The breeze blows me around 
To be trampled under the feet of men 
Natures cruel feast has bestowed me with pain 
Pain of being a part 
Just a part of someone 
Pain of departing 
Departing from that one 
Pick me up like a rose 
And hold me to your heart 
Keep me there till he does not come 
And when he comes do a good deed 
Dig the earth below 
And bury me deep
For I don t want to lie around 
Unclaimed  unloved  

FEAR

When I was a child  I lived in an old Victorian house  and I would always hear laughing while I was trying to sleep. I was an only child with a single mother  and when I was about 5-6  I would wake up hearing laughter in the hallway in the middle of the night. After mentioning this to my mum  she swore it was probably just the TV being left on late.
One night  I awoke hearing the laughter in my room. I went to sit up but felt like there was someone holding my shoulders down  invisible hands gripping into my shoulders while I heard laughing. I screamed my little heart out. My mum ran into my room  flicking on the bedside lamp  convincing me it was just a dream  until I said  but my shoulders hurt.  She lifted up my t-shirt and there were two adult-sized hand prints on my shoulders.
I honestly thought I had imagined it and that it had never happened  but the other day I mentioned it in passing to my mum and she went blanket white and said  I don t want to remember that

He starts searching around some bushes when he hears his friends voice coming from a dark corner maybe 20 feet away. They voice calls for him to come over. He didn t  because he was already spooked out enough being outside in the pitch black. My friend yelled back   no! You come over here! 
That s when he said it really started to get spooky. He told me the voice that sounded just like his friend kept insisting that he come over to the dark corner. My friend kept saying no over and over again. At this point  he said the the voice suddenly changed to a dark  horrible sounding voice demanding he come over. At this point he ran back inside  only to see his friend in the living room. When questioned how he got inside so fast  the friend said he never went outside.
Now  I know both of these 2 guys. None of them make up shit. And I doubt it s the case of an  imagination gone wild .
Whatever that voice was  it still spooks me just thinking about this story.

Might sound weird but I had been to this area many times and it was quite safe. Anyway I brought my camera and took lots of pictures. When I came back and developed my film  there were 3 extra pictures that I didn t take of me sleeping. One each night.
None of my stuff was missing or stolen and nothing happened  but it freaked the hell out of me.

She tried to get up to open the front door to see if some kids were playing around with her  but she couldn t. She was frozen in her place on the chair. She said she felt icy cold for about 2 minutes. The fire was blaring. Nan described that after the cold began to fade  she felt very calm and serene  and heard the front gate go once more.
In the morning  when grandad returned home  she explained to him what happened and at what time. He told her he had some terrible news. That her friends ex-husband had commited suicide at about 8.50pm that evening. It took about ten minutes walk to my nan s house then from his.

I was so freaked out I just kept looking back at her. I was too to do anything. She slowly faded away. I swear this really happened but I m not sure if it was a ghost or if I was some how semi awake and dreamt it. Scariest thing I have ever experienced though  regardless if it was my imagination or really a ghost.
I didn t tell my friends for a couple months because I couldn t really believe it so I thought they definitely wouldn t. Then a few months after I saw the girl they were telling me how one night they were in their room and they heard children laughing in the living room. They went to their bedroom door to listen better and when they got to the door there was a loud thunk on it like someone hit it. They ran out of the room thinking someone was in their house but when they checked the house there was no one there and all the doors were still locked.
Although the words afraid  and frightened have similar meanings  the grammar is not the same. These are all adjectives and express nearly the same degree of fear. In many cases  they are interchangeable. Frightened is mainly used to talk about a sudden fear.
Maybe ever body in the whole damn world is of each other.  

 loneliness  people     world
  Oh  monsters are   said Lettie.  That s why they re monsters.  

 monsters   
 Don t be afraid of being. To be afraid is a sign of common sense. Only complete idiots are not afraid of anything.  

 afraid   fear  idiots   
 Don t be. Don t let them see.  

  

 It s OKAY to be. Being means you re about to do something really  really brave.  

 anxiety  being-   believing-in-yourself  bravery  faith  fear  overcoming-fear  positive-thinking    trust  worry

 I m going to die whatever you do  but I m not afraid.  
― Erin Hunter  Rising Storm
 afraid  death  erin  fireheart  firepaw  firestar  hunter     warriors

 It s like the smarter you are  the more things can scare you.  

    smart

 She had a strange feeling in the pit of her stomach  like when you re swimming and you want to put your feet down on something solid  but the water s deeper than you think and there s nothing there  

 
 What happens if you get half to death twice?  

 death    
 I have always been afraid . Always been pretending to follow you closely  alwyas been pretending to sharpen my teeth  when the truth is  I am  . to death just treading on your shadow.  

 afraid  anime  bleach  death  pretending  renji     shadow  truth
 Scary with you is better than scary without you  
  


 I was nervous. Like an ice cube  I just froze up. Then I melted in some strange guy s drink.  
  melted  nerves  nervous networking  odd  petrified     strange  stranger  weird

 I thought that if I owned nothing  had nothing  was nothing  I would have nothing left to lose  and I wouldn t be anymore. Because my whole life I ve been so damn. to live because I was to die. But at the same I was so of living  so I wanted to die. Or maybe so of dying that I refused to live. You don t have to be afraid to fall  when you re already on the ground. You don t have to be to lose someone  when there s no one around to lose.  

 afraid  afraid-to-die  alone  freedom  homeless  journey  learning  life  london  lonely  musician    traveling
 Just because you re scarred for life doesn t mean you should be to live. 
 life  live     scarred
  I need a Kleenex.  She sniffs.
Guy disengages his hands from hers  takes the hem of his
sweatshirt  and wipes her nose with it.
 That s romantic   she says  embarrassed.
 Well  it is sort of  because I wouldn t do it for anybody else
in the world.  
 If you dont know learn how to be  you ll never really learn how to be brave.  

 brave  fear   

Keesha looked at me for a long time.  I did leave you alone. We all did. But you didn t get better. You didn t stop. You re still doin  all your weird shit. And I think it s time to stop. 
 You think it s time to stop!  I exploded  and lunged at her with my hands outstretched. I pushed her real hard. She almost fell down.  I don t care what time you think it is!  I screamed.  Do you think I want to do this! Do you think I like it? 
 You pushed me! 
 Yeah. So what? 
 You re so afraid of being interrupted that you pushed me! 
 I m not of being interrupted  you jerk! I m . . . I m . . . I m of being.  I crumpled into a ball and sat down where I was standing. I sat on a crack. Unevenly.
 Who are you anymore  Tara? 
Tears spilled over my frozen lashes and disappeared across my cheekbones. I had never felt so defeated.  I don t know. 
 Ain t many guys travel around together   he mused.  I don t know why. Maybe ever body in the whole damn world is of each other.  
 Have you ever been approached by a grim-looking man  carrying a naked sword with a blade about ten miles long in his hand  in the middle of the night  beneath the stars on the shores of Lake Michigan? If you have  seek professional help. If you have not  then believe you me  it can scare the bejeezus out of you.  

 humor   

 that there are many things that we cant understand. the past. the bad things that happened . and we become afraid. of what might happen in the future. its okay to be afraid. but we have to keep hoping and believeing . to keep hoping and trying our best to be good and do good. even when we re afraid  

 afraid  believing  future  hope  past   
 It s okay to be crazy and and brave at the same time!  
 bravery  crazy  fear   

  we have bad dreams
because our brain is trying to protect us If we can figure out a way to beat the imaginary monsters  Then the real monsters don t seem so scary That s why we like reading scary stories. 
 empowerment  monsters   

 September 11 I will never forget feeling and vulnerable I will never forget feeling the deep sad loss of so many lives I will never forget the smell of the smoke that reached across the water and delivered a deep feeling of doom into my gut I will never forget feeling the boosted sense of unity and pride I will never forget seeing the courageous actions of so many men and women I will never forget seeing people of all backgrounds working together in community I will never forget seeing what hate can destroy I will never forget seeing what love can heal  

 feelings  love   
 Some women feel the need to act like they re never  needy or hurt; like they re as hardened as a man. I think that s dishonest. It s ok to feel delicate sometimes. Real beauty is in the fragility of your petals. A rose that never wilts isn t a rose at all.  

 beauty  dishonest  flowers  fragile  hurt  needy  quotes-for-women  roses     strength  wilt wilting  word-junkies
  If you don t learn how to be  you ll never really learn how to be brave.  

 fear   


 I chased the chaste  and they got and scurried. Then I stood still and loved where I was at  and all approached without fear of reproach.  

 approach  chase  chaste  fear  instagram-quotes  instaquote  life  love  relationships  reproach  scare    scurried  word-junkies
  It was the kind of terrified look that reminds you that no matter how rational or grown up a person might seem  some part of him is absolutely sure - knows - that an evil other-world exists just outside of our regular  everyday world. And that although we don t expect that world to collide with our calm  predictable one .well  really  at any moment that is exactly what might happen.  

 life  safety   

 When you re  you stay as you are!  

 afraid  anxious  beat-fear  being-positive  cold-feet  fear  fearful  overcoming-fear  panic-stricken panicked  panicky  petrified     shaken  startled  stephen-richards  terrified  terror-stricken
  Because once you re afraid of one thing  you can get of a lot of stuff. 

 Sarah Lynn strides out of the stairwell. Lawrence watches her go. The door slushes shut behind her  and he turns to me with a tightened jaw. I want to tell him: No  no  you ve got it all wrong. I don t care if you kiss a white girl. I don t care if you love a white girl. I just wish you d chosen a white girl worthy of your love.
Lawrence s Adam s apple jerks up and down  and I realize that in addition to whatever else he s feeling  he s. He s in love with the darling of the school  Sarah Lynn Lancaster  ad he s afriad I ll expose his secret. I give a tiny shake of my head  wanting him to know he has nothing to fear  not from me.  


acceptance
admiration
adoration
affection
afraid
agitation
agreeable
aggressive
aggravation
agony
alarm
alienation
amazement
amusement
anger
angry
anguish
annoyance
anticipation
anxiety
apprehension
assertive
assured
astonishment
attachment
attraction
awe

B
beleaguered
bewitched
bitterness
bliss
blue
boredom

C
calculating
calm
capricious
caring
cautious
charmed
cheerful
closeness
compassion
complacent
compliant
composed
contempt
conceited
concerned
content
contentment
crabby
crazed
crazy
cross
cruel

D
defeated
defiance
delighted
dependence
depressed
desire
disappointment
disapproval
discontent
disenchanted
disgust
disillusioned
dislike
dismay
displeasure
dissatisfied
distraction
distress
disturbed
dread

E
eager
earnest
easy-going
ecstasy
ecstatic
elation
embarrassment
emotion
emotional
enamored
enchanted
enjoyment
enraged
enraptured
enthralled
enthusiasm
envious
envy
equanimity
euphoria
exasperation
excited
exhausted
extroverted
exuberant

F
fascinated
fatalistic
fear
fearful
ferocity
flummoxed
flustered
fondness
fright
frightened
frustration
furious
fury

G
generous
glad
gloating
gloomy
glum
greedy
grief
grim
grouchy
grumpy
guilt

H
happiness
happy
harried
homesick
hopeless
horror
hostility
humiliation
hurt
hysteria

I
infatuated
insecurity
insulted
interested
introverted
irritation
isolation

J
jaded
jealous
jittery
jolliness
jolly
joviality
jubilation
joy

K
keen
kind
kindhearted
kindly

L
laid back
lazy
like
liking
loathing
lonely
longing
loneliness
love
lulled
lust

M
mad
merry
misery
modesty
mortification

N
naughty
neediness
neglected
nervous
nirvana

O
open
optimism
ornery
outgoing
outrage

P
panic
passion
passive
peaceful

